Assignment Requirements

Create a new Java Project named as before, smith4 or jones4 for example.
Create a package with the very same name as your project name.
In this one package, write one Java program for each exercise as required below.
Adhere to naming conventions for variables and classes as in section 2.8.
Choose descriptive variable names and identifiers in all programs.
Start each program with your name and SPC ID# in a comment.
Add a few more comments in each program to explain what your code is doing.
When all programs are done, locate your project folder in your workspace.
Right-click on the project folder folder (don't open it!) and select "Send to" --> "Compressed (zipped) folder" to make a zip with the same name as your project.
Take screenshots of your running project (the Java code) and the project output and put them in a separate folder. Name it "screenshots" + module #+ your last name. The screenshots can be jep or png files. Zip up the folder.
Upload the zipped folders to this drop box.
Type your collaboration statement (Have you worked with others or used other resources on this assignments?) into the message area of the drop box.
Submit your assignment.
1. Write a program that analyzes an object falling for 10 seconds. It should contain main and two additional methods. One of the additional methods should return the distance an object falls in meters when passed the current second as an argument. See the formula needed below. The third method should convert meters to feet. You can look up the conversion factor needed online. The main method should use one loop to call the other methods and generate a table as shown below. The table should be displayed in formatted columns with decimals as shown.

formula

table      

2. Write a program that simulates tossing a coin. Prompt the user for how many times to toss the coin. Code a method with no parameters that randomly returns either the String "heads"or the string "tails". Call this method in main as many times as requested and report the results. See Example outputs below.

Example Outputs

How many times should I toss the coin? 1000
Results of 1000 tosses.
Heads: 483, tails: 517

How many times should I toss the coin? 1000000
Results of 1000000 tosses.
Heads: 500074, tails: 499926