Assignment Requirements

Create a new Java Project in your Eclipse workspace named as before, smith2 or jones2 for example.
Create a package with the very same name as your project name.
In this one package, write one Java program for each exercise as required below.
Adhere to naming conventions for variables and classes as in section 2.8.
Choose descriptive variable names and identifiers in all programs.
Start each program with your name and SPC ID# in a comment.
Add a few more comments in each program to explain what your code is doing.
When all programs are done, locate your project folder in your workspace.
Right-click on the project folder folder (don't open it!) and select "Send to" --> "Compressed (zipped) folder".
Take screenshots of your running project (the Java code) and the project output and put them in a separate folder. Name it "screenshots" + module #+ your last name. The screenshots can be jep or png files. Zip up the folder.
Upload the zipped folders to this drop box.
Type your collaboration statement (Have you worked with others or used other resources on this assignments?) into the message area of the drop box.
Submit your assignment.
1. Prompt the user to enter any full name (first middle surname). Do not bother with surnames like O'Reilly, Van Helsing, de Ville etc. Then output the following:

the length of the full name.
the length of the middle name.
the three initials of the name.
the name in all upper case.
Example Output
Enter a first name middle name and surname
Peggy Sue Palmer
Length of your name: 16 characters
Length of your middle name: 3 characters
Your initials are PSP
PEGGY SUE PALMER

2. Write a program that generates two random integers, both in the range 50 to 100, inclusive. Use the Math class. Print both integers and then display the positive difference between the two integers, but use a selection. Do not use the absolute value method of the Math class.

3. Duke Shirts sells Java t-shirts for $24.95 each, but discounts are possible for quantities as follows:

1 or 2 shirts, no discount and total shipping is $10.00
3-5 shirts, discount is 10% and total shipping is $8.00
6-10 shirts, discount is 20% and total shipping is $5.00
11 or more shirts, discount is 30% and shipping is free

Write a Java program that prompts the user for the number of shirts required. The program should then print the extended price of the shirts, the shipping charges, and the total cost of the order. Use currency format where appropriate.


Done? Recheck the requirements before submitting!

Remember to liberally comment your code for full credit!!