M1 Programming Assignments - Due11:59 PM
Please review the Grading Metrics COP2250.doc

Assignment Requirements

Create a new Eclipse workspace (on desktop is good so it's easy to find later).
Create a new Java Project in your workspace that includes your surname and the chapter # in the name of the project, such as smith1and2 or jones1and2.
Create a package with the same name as your project. Do not make files in the default package.
In this one package, write one Java program for each exercise as required below.
Control of decimal places is not required for this assignment.
Adhere to naming conventions for variables and classes as in Chapter 2, section 2.8.
Choose descriptive variable names and identifiers in all programs.
Use the Java style for braces.
Start each program with your name and SPC ID# in a comment.
Add a few more comments in each program to explain what your code is doing.
When all programs are done, locate your project folder in your workspace.
Right-click on the project folder folder (don't open it!) and select "Send to" --> "Compressed (zipped) folder". This will make a zip with the same name as your project.
Take screenshots of your running project (the Java code) and the project output and put them in a separate folder. Name it "screenshots" + module #+ your last name. The screenshots can be jep or png files. Zip up the folder.
Upload the zipped folders to this drop box.
Type your collaboration statement (Have you worked with others or used other resources on this assignments?) into the message area of the drop box.
Submit your assignment.
1. Write a program that outputs three lines:

your full name
the full name of the programmer who created Java
Java rocks!
2. Write a program that prints the result of this expression.

(12.5 + 5.5 / 3) / (6.25 * 6 - 5.0)

3. Write a program that prompts the user to enter a weight in kilograms and then displays the equivalent weight in pounds. Control of decimal places is not required.

Done? Check the requirements again to be sure!